# Meeting Notes

- Date: 11-Dec-2024
- Location: Online

## Attendees

- amitkaps (meeting lead)
- arpit
- zainab
- swathi
- gurman
- karan
- rasagy
- sanand
- poojil
- ...
- ...


## Agenda

Quick update from each workstreams
- Admin & Meta
- Branding & Marketing
- Communication & Outreach
- Discourse & Editorial
- Events & Conference
- Sales & Partnership

## Notes

[Auto Transcript](https://otter.ai/u/rj9r0iHtWJMXPNJE5LAoRuR3dbw) 

**AI Summary**

The VizChitra team discussed key administrative and logistical steps for their upcoming event. They emphasized finalizing the administrative structure, including the roles of admins and the community structure. Branding efforts are progressing, with a goal to finalize the brand direction by December 20. The team debated the necessity of a website for the January 7 launch and agreed on the naming convention for the brand. They also discussed the importance of office hours and low-fidelity events to engage the community. The next steps include finalizing the budget, creating a CFP, and preparing for the first event in January. The next meeting is scheduled for Decemeber 23.

**AI Action Items**
- [ ] Organize the first low-fidelity virtual event in January. 
- [ ] Create the sponsor deck for partnerships and sponsorships.
- [ ] Finalize the conference themes and share the speaker list document.
- [ ] Provide access to the Google Drive folders for each work stream.
- [ ] Create the HasGeek account and start populating it.
- [ ] Finalize the charter and agreement with HasGeek.
- [ ] Explore partnership opportunities at existing conferences like UX Now.


**Outline**

A. **Administrative Structure and Agreement**
- Zainab emphasizes the importance of having two admins sign the agreement with Has Geek for the upcoming week.
- Amit discusses the need for a nominal structure for the meta group, including the roles and responsibilities of admins.
- Amit plans to talk to Kiran to understand how communities can be structured in the initial startup space.
- The action item is to finalize the administrative pieces over the next week.

B. **Branding and Marketing Updates**
- Rasagy provides an update on the branding process, mentioning that they are in the brainstorming phase and aiming for a direction by December 20.
- Rasagy raises a question about whether a website is needed for the launch on January 7 and suggests reusing the existing hasgeek.com template.
- Group agrees on the naming convention for the brand, with a preference for capitalizing the C - VizChitra.
- The group discusses the need for a landing page and the logistics of creating a new account on Has Geek.

C. **Communications and Outreach**
- Rasagy suggests creating a one-pager landing page and discusses the example of the Fifth Elephant's kick template.
- Zainab proposes making the Has Geek account public on January 7 and incrementally adding more details as the branding takes shape.
- Amit highlights the need to activate the comms team and create social handles and accounts.
- The group agrees to set up the Has Geek account and other social handles as an action item.

D. **Discourse and Editorial Team Updates**
- Arpit and Swathi discuss the setup of a document to populate potential speakers for the event.
- The team aims to finalize the theme for the event, which will help in deciding the balance between enlisted speakers and submissions.
- Amit emphasizes the importance of linking work streams and sharing documents in the core group WhatsApp for feedback.
- The group discusses the need for a common Google Drive to store all documents and make them accessible to everyone.

E. **Events and Conference Planning**
- Gurman Bhatia updates the group on the events and conference planning, suggesting partnering with existing conferences in the data space.
- The group identifies three to four conferences to partner with and plans to have a low-fidelity, inclusive event in January.
- Gurman Bhatia proposes the idea of office hours where volunteers can give one hour a month, building a roster for recurring sessions.
- The group discusses the logistics of hosting events and the potential for cross-disciplinary collaborations.

F. **Partnerships and Sponsorships**
- Gurman Bhatia and Zainab discuss potential partnerships and sponsorships, including a collaboration with PhonePe.
- The group considers the idea of hosting events at companies like PhonePe to leverage their logistics and space.
- Rasagy suggests using partnerships to host events and pitch the community to the partner organization's employees.
- The group agrees to start with the first event and see how it goes before planning more events.

**Finalizing Dates and Next Steps**
- Zainab confirms the date for the event as June 27-28, after considering various calendars and availability.
- The group plans to share the budget template and finalize the branding by the next meeting, scheduled for December 23.
- The group discusses the need for pre-event checks and standards for workshops and talks, ensuring quality and consistency.
