# Meeting Notes

- Date: 23-Dec-2024
- Location: Online

## Attendees

- Gurman 
- Hamsa 
- Arpit 
- Poojil
- Anand 
- Rashi
- Swathi
- ...

## Agenda

Quick update from each workstreams
- Admin & Meta
- Branding & Marketing -> Brand Design Discussion
- Communication & Outreach -> Social Account Status
- Discourse & Editorial -> Themes Discussion
- Events & Conference 
- Sales & Partnership

## Notes

[Auto Transcript](https://otter.ai/u/xf48ZQa3Jrw8i5xSGXNdA4Jp_6c?view=transcript&tab=chat)

**Summary**
The VizChitra team discussed various updates and action items. Poojil Tiwari set up social media accounts for VizChitra on Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedIn, and is working on an org account for Haskell. The editorial team is finalizing the concept note by January 1st, with a smaller group discussion planned. The events team aims to finalize the first event and office hours by the next meeting. The branding team shared progress on the brand articulation, emphasizing collaboration, inclusivity, and creativity, and is refining a dynamic logo using geometric polygons. The team plans to finalize the brand identity by January 21st.

**Action Items**

- [ ] Set up a shared calendar/spreadsheet to track deadlines and milestones across different workstreams.
- [ ] Events to connect with Kashvi and Swathi for the first event planning
- [ ] Provide feedback on the brand articulation document by December 30th.
- [ ] Share polygon forms and get feedback from the group.
- [ ] Send out a questionnaire to gather data points for the polygon design.
- [ ] Finalize the logo, timeline, typography, color, and collateral by January 21st.
- [ ] Plan the "Hello World" post for the community, tentatively targeting January 14th.

**Outline**

1. **VizChitra Team Introductions and Initial Updates**
- Gurman Bhatia welcomes Rashi to her first visit and mentions the fun of working together.
- Anand S mentions being in Singapore for New Year and Christmas, and Hamsa talks about following the Chess Championship there.
- Gurman Bhatia and others discuss the need to start the meeting and the time required for updates.
- Poojil Tiwari updates on setting up social accounts for VizChitra on Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedIn, and mentions issues with setting up an org account.

2. **Discussion on Password Sharing and Social Media Management**
- Gurman Bhatia suggests using Google Account passwords for sharing passwords and adding managers on social media pages.
- Anand S shares that their team has a simple mechanism for social media management with limited access.
- Gurman Bhatia agrees with the suggestion and emphasizes the importance of secure password sharing.
- Poojil Tiwari mentions the setup of a Google Sheet for ID and password details and the plan to post early next month.

3. **Core Discourse and Editorial Updates**
- Arpit Arora provides an update on the editorial team breaking into smaller teams and working on the concept note.
- Arpit emphasizes the importance of closing all documents by the first week of January and seeks suggestions from the team.
- Arpit mentions the goal of setting up a smaller group conversation to iron out the larger goals of the conference.
- Anand S supports the work and mentions Swathi and Tashi helping out the events team from an editorial perspective.

4. **Events and Admin Meta Updates**
- Gurman Bhatia mentions that the events team is behind due to the holiday season but plans to iron out first event details.
- Gurman Bhatia suggests connecting with Swathi and Kashmir to start on event planning and setting up a roster for office hours.
- Gurman Bhatia and others discuss the need for a shared Google Calendar or spreadsheet to track dates and deadlines.
- Gurman Bhatia introduces Rashi, a new member, and mentions her previous work with VizChitra and CW.

5. **Branding Stream Progress and Future Plans**
- Hamsa introduces the branding stream updates and mentions the collaborative process with the team.
- Hamsa outlines the steps taken, including an exercise on what VizChitra stands for and what it doesn't.
- Hamsa shares the brand articulation document and the criteria for the brand identity, emphasizing flexibility and inclusivity.
- Anand S and Rashi discuss the ideation process, the use of geometric lines, and the development of a dynamic logo.

6. **Finalizing Brand Identity and Next Steps**
- Gurman Bhatia outlines the timeline for finalizing the logo, typography, color, and voice style by January 21st.
- Gurman Bhatia requests feedback from the team and mentions the potential for physical merchandise and animations.
- Pujil Tiwari suggests considering brand colors and mentions the potential for pins with polygon shapes.
- Anand S and others discuss the multilingual aspect and the potential for different color variations.

7. **Closing Remarks and Action Items**
- Gurman Bhatia thanks the team for their work and mentions the potential for physical ways and animations using the polygon shape.
- Gurman Bhatia suggests filling out questionnaires for data points for the polygon and plans to share the deck in the group.
- Gurman Bhatia emphasizes the importance of feedback and collaboration for finalizing the brand identity.
- The meeting concludes with holiday wishes and a reminder to review the brand articulation document by December 30th.